you
today I'm Anderson great to finish
record for the one mile Leeds Met has
just been appointed the National race
Welcome Center so we've got a good pack
of walkers that have just started out at
the University and for me it's brilliant
have a pact to train with because I've
always done all my training on my own so
it's a great way to get education and
sport inside as well
ah
you
you know the pressure I've only been
here three weeks now and I've already
started playing matches it's good to get
straight into it in an orderly get into
it and then before but it's really good
peopIe the big event playing against you
um EPO we do for all the matches stuff
it is really good competitions you get
like the rivalry of the universe in a
lot of sports and then the day you are
competing against each other world you
know you are friends there's a bit of a
lock really it is really good event from
starting freshers week took the week's
go we've actually recruited about 50
players but to the freshers to be
involved with such competitions really
important with how University sport is
at Carnegie the girls that did play
through vital parts of that team and
they've really come out and prove
themselves
today is about the celebration of sport
between the two you knees the winning is
obviously a big part all the students
want to win but for the unies it's about
getting students involved and getting
everyone participating and radical
season